---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zendesk_macro Resource - zendesk"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zendesk_macro (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "zendesk_macro" "test_macro" {
  depends_on = [zendesk_ticket_field.test2]
  title      = "Test Macro TF"
  actions = [
    {
      field = "status"
      value = "open"
    },
    {
      field           = "custom_field",
      value           = "test_tag_2"
      custom_field_id = "1234567890"
    }
  ]
  restriction = {
    type = "Group"
    ids  = [1900001029865]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `actions` (Attributes List) Required. An object describing what the macro will do. See [Actions reference](https://developer.zendesk.com/documentation/ticketing/reference-guides/actions-reference). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `title` (String)

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Allowed values are true or false. Determines if the macro is displayed or not.
- `description` (String) The description of the macro.
- `position` (Number) The position of a macro.
- `restriction` (Attributes) An object that describes who can access the macro. To give all agents access to the macro, omit this property. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restriction))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time the macro was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) The time of the last update of the macro.
- `url` (String) A URL to access the macro's details.

<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Required:

- `field` (String) The name of a ticket field to modify. Acceptable values: add_skills,assignee_id,brand_id,cc,comment_mode_is_public,comment_value,comment_value_html,current_tags,custom_fields_,custom_status_id,follower,group_id,locale_id,notification_group,notification_messaging_csat,notification_target,notification_user,notification_webhook,notification_zis,priority,remove_skills,remove_tags,reply_internal,reply_public,satisfaction_score,set_schedule,set_skills,set_tags,side_conversation_slack,side_conversation_ticket,status,subject,ticket_form_id,tweet_requester,type.
- `value` (String) The new value of the field, also the body of a notification for any of the notification action types.

Optional:

- `content_type` (String) When field type is side_conversation_slack, or side_conversation_ticket, this field is required as the target of the notification.
- `custom_field_id` (Number) Required when field is set to 'custom_field', ID of custom field to be modified by macro action.
- `notification_subject` (String) When field type is notification_user, or notification_group, this field is required as the target of the notification.
- `slack_channel` (String) When field type is notification_zis, and target is 'slack', this is required.
- `slack_title` (String) When field type is notification_zis, and target is 'slack', this is required.
- `slack_workspace` (String) When field type is notification_zis, and target is 'slack', this is required.
- `target` (String) When field type is notification_user, notification_group, notification_webhook, or notification_zis, this field is required as the target of the notification. *NOTE:* There are also some other cases where this is valid that are not documented on Zendesk side and need to be inferred from generated code


<a id="nestedatt--restriction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restriction`

Required:

- `ids` (Set of Number) The numeric IDs of the groups or users.
- `type` (String) Required. Allowed values are 'Group' or 'User'.
