---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zendesk_organization_field Resource - zendesk"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  You can use this API to add fields to the Organization page in the Zendesk user interface.
  Basic text fields, date fields, as well as customizable drop-down and number fields are available.
  The fields correspond to the organization fields that admins can add using the Zendesk admin interface.
  See Adding custom fields to organizations https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/203662076 in Zendesk help.
---

# zendesk_organization_field (Resource)

You can use this API to add fields to the Organization page in the Zendesk user interface. 
Basic text fields, date fields, as well as customizable drop-down and number fields are available. 
The fields correspond to the organization fields that admins can add using the Zendesk admin interface.
See [Adding custom fields to organizations](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/203662076) in Zendesk help.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "zendesk_organization_field" "test" {
  type = "dropdown"
  name = var.title
  key  = "test_dropdown"
  custom_field_options = [{
    name  = "Test"
    value = "${var.title}_test_tag"
  }]
}

variable "title" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String) A unique key that identifies this custom field. This is used for updating the field and referencing in placeholders. The key must consist of only letters, numbers, and underscores. It can't be only numbers.
- `name` (String) The title of the custom field
- `type` (String) The custom field type: "checkbox", "date", "decimal", "dropdown", "integer", ["lookup"](https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/ticketing/lookup_relationships/lookup_relationships/), "multiselect", "regexp", "text", or "textarea"

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) If true, this field is available for use
- `custom_field_options` (Attributes List) Required and presented for a custom field of type "dropdown". Each option is represented by an object with a `name` and `value` property. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_field_options))
- `description` (String) User-defined description of this field's purpose
- `position` (Number) Ordering of the field relative to other fields
- `regexp_for_validation` (String) Regular expression field only. The validation pattern for a field value to be deemed valid
- `relationship_filter` (Attributes) A filter definition that allows your autocomplete to filter down results. 

A condition that defines a subset of records as the options in your lookup relationship field. 
See [Filtering the field's options](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/4591924111770#topic_t14_w3l_5tb) 
in Zendesk help and [Conditions reference](https://developer.zendesk.com/documentation/ticketing/reference-guides/conditions-reference/) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--relationship_filter))
- `relationship_target_type` (String) A representation of what type of object the field references. Options are "zen:user", "zen:organization", "zen:ticket", and "zen:custom_object:{key}" where key is a custom object key. For example "zen:custom_object:apartment".
- `tag` (String) Optional for custom field of type "checkbox"; not presented otherwise.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time of the last update of the org field.
- `id` (Number) Automatically assigned upon creation.
- `system` (Boolean) If true, only active and position values of this field can be changed
- `updated_at` (String) The time of the last update of the ticket field
- `url` (String) The URL for this resource

<a id="nestedatt--custom_field_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_field_options`

Required:

- `name` (String) Display name of the custom field.
- `value` (String) Tag value of the custom field.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) ID of the custom field option.


<a id="nestedatt--relationship_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relationship_filter`

Optional:

- `all` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--relationship_filter--all))
- `any` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--relationship_filter--any))

<a id="nestedatt--relationship_filter--all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relationship_filter.all`

Required:

- `field` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--relationship_filter--any"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relationship_filter.any`

Required:

- `field` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `value` (String)
