---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zendesk_trigger Resource - zendesk"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zendesk_trigger (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "zendesk_trigger" "test" {
  title = "TF Test"
  actions = [
    {
      field  = "notification_webhook",
      target = "01HWNR72XCXH956BBDVPGQB386",
      value  = jsonencode({ "test" : "value" })
    }
  ]
  conditions = {
    any = [
      {
        field    = "status",
        operator = "is",
        value    = "open"
      }
  ] }
  category_id = zendesk_trigger_category.test.id
}

resource "zendesk_trigger_category" "test" {
  name = "test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `actions` (Attributes List) Required. An object describing what the trigger will do. See [Actions reference](https://developer.zendesk.com/documentation/ticketing/reference-guides/actions-reference). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `category_id` (Number) The ID of the category the trigger belongs to
- `conditions` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions))
- `title` (String)

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Allowed values are true or false. Determines if the trigger is displayed or not.
- `description` (String) The description of the trigger.
- `position` (Number) The relative position of the ticket field on a ticket. Note that for accounts with ticket forms, positions are controlled by the different forms

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time the trigger was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) The time of the last update of the trigger.
- `url` (String) A URL to access the trigger's details.

<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Required:

- `field` (String) The name of a ticket field to modify. Acceptable values: add_skills,assignee_id,brand_id,cc,comment_mode_is_public,comment_value,comment_value_html,current_tags,custom_fields_,custom_status_id,follower,group_id,locale_id,notification_group,notification_messaging_csat,notification_target,notification_user,notification_webhook,notification_zis,priority,remove_skills,remove_tags,reply_internal,reply_public,satisfaction_score,set_schedule,set_skills,set_tags,side_conversation_slack,side_conversation_ticket,status,subject,ticket_form_id,tweet_requester,type.
- `value` (String) The new value of the field, also the body of a notification for any of the notification action types.

Optional:

- `content_type` (String) When field type is side_conversation_slack, or side_conversation_ticket, this field is required as the target of the notification.
- `custom_field_id` (Number) Required when field is set to 'custom_field', ID of custom field to be modified by trigger action.
- `notification_subject` (String) When field type is notification_user, or notification_group, this field is required as the target of the notification.
- `slack_channel` (String) When field type is notification_zis, and target is 'slack', this is required.
- `slack_title` (String) When field type is notification_zis, and target is 'slack', this is required.
- `slack_workspace` (String) When field type is notification_zis, and target is 'slack', this is required.
- `target` (String) When field type is notification_user, notification_group, notification_webhook, or notification_zis, this field is required as the target of the notification. *NOTE:* There are also some other cases where this is valid that are not documented on Zendesk side and need to be inferred from generated code


<a id="nestedatt--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- `all` (Attributes List) Logical AND. All the conditions must be met (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--all))
- `any` (Attributes List) Logical OR. Any condition can be met (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--any))

<a id="nestedatt--conditions--all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.all`

Required:

- `field` (String) Condition field to modify. Acceptable values: CLOSED, HOLD, NEW, OPEN, PENDING, SOLVED, agent_stations, assigned_at, assignee_id, assignee_updated_at, attachment, brand_id, cc, comment_includes_word, comment_is_public, current_tags, current_via_id, custom_fields_, custom_status_id, description_includes_word, due_date, exact_created_at, group_id, group_stations, in_business_hours, is_business_hours, locale_id, organization.custom_fields., organization_id, priority, recipient, reopens, replies, requester.custom_fields., requester_id, requester_role, requester_twitter_followers_count, requester_twitter_statuses_count, requester_twitter_verified, requester_updated_at, role, satisfaction_score, schedule_id, sla_next_breach_at, status, subject_includes_word, ticket_fields_, ticket_form_id, ticket_is_public, ticket_type_id, type, until_due_date, update_type, updated_at, user.custom_fields., via_id, within_schedule. See [Conditions Reference](https://developer.zendesk.com/documentation/ticketing/reference-guides/conditions-reference)

Optional:

- `custom_field_id` (Number) Required when field is set to 'custom_field' or 'ticket_field' for sla policys, ID of custom field to be modified by trigger condition.
- `operator` (String) A comparison operator
- `value` (String) The single value of the field
- `values` (List of String) A list of values for the field


<a id="nestedatt--conditions--any"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.any`

Required:

- `field` (String) Condition field to modify. Acceptable values: CLOSED, HOLD, NEW, OPEN, PENDING, SOLVED, agent_stations, assigned_at, assignee_id, assignee_updated_at, attachment, brand_id, cc, comment_includes_word, comment_is_public, current_tags, current_via_id, custom_fields_, custom_status_id, description_includes_word, due_date, exact_created_at, group_id, group_stations, in_business_hours, is_business_hours, locale_id, organization.custom_fields., organization_id, priority, recipient, reopens, replies, requester.custom_fields., requester_id, requester_role, requester_twitter_followers_count, requester_twitter_statuses_count, requester_twitter_verified, requester_updated_at, role, satisfaction_score, schedule_id, sla_next_breach_at, status, subject_includes_word, ticket_fields_, ticket_form_id, ticket_is_public, ticket_type_id, type, until_due_date, update_type, updated_at, user.custom_fields., via_id, within_schedule. See [Conditions Reference](https://developer.zendesk.com/documentation/ticketing/reference-guides/conditions-reference)

Optional:

- `custom_field_id` (Number) Required when field is set to 'custom_field' or 'ticket_field' for sla policys, ID of custom field to be modified by trigger condition.
- `operator` (String) A comparison operator
- `value` (String) The single value of the field
- `values` (List of String) A list of values for the field
