---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zendesk_view Resource - zendesk"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zendesk_view (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "zendesk_view" "test" {
  title = var.title

  all = [
    {
      field    = "status",
      operator = "is",
      value    = "open"
    }
  ]

  any = [
    {
      field    = "type",
      operator = "is",
      value    = "incident"
    },
    {
      field    = "type",
      operator = "is",
      value    = "task"
    }
  ]

  output = {
    columns     = ["status", "assignee"]
    group_by    = "status"
    group_order = "asc"
    sort_by     = "assignee"
    sort_order  = "asc"
  }
}

variable "title" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `conditions` (Attributes) Conditions for a view (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions))
- `output` (Attributes) Columns to view and grouping/sorting rules for view (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output))
- `title` (String)

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Allowed values are true or false. Determines if the view is displayed or not.
- `description` (String) The description of the view.
- `position` (Number) The relative position of the view
- `restriction` (Attributes) An object that describes who can access the view. To give all agents access to the view, omit this property. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restriction))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time the view was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) The time of the last update of the view.
- `url` (String) A URL to access the view's details.

<a id="nestedatt--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- `all` (Attributes List) Logical AND. All the conditions must be met (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--all))
- `any` (Attributes List) Logical OR. Any condition can be met (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--any))

<a id="nestedatt--conditions--all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.all`

Required:

- `field` (String) Condition field to modify. Acceptable values: CLOSED, HOLD, NEW, OPEN, PENDING, SOLVED, agent_stations, assigned_at, assignee_id, assignee_updated_at, attachment, brand_id, cc, comment_includes_word, comment_is_public, current_tags, current_via_id, custom_fields_, custom_status_id, description_includes_word, due_date, exact_created_at, group_id, group_stations, in_business_hours, is_business_hours, locale_id, organization.custom_fields., organization_id, priority, recipient, reopens, replies, requester.custom_fields., requester_id, requester_role, requester_twitter_followers_count, requester_twitter_statuses_count, requester_twitter_verified, requester_updated_at, role, satisfaction_score, schedule_id, sla_next_breach_at, status, subject_includes_word, ticket_fields_, ticket_form_id, ticket_is_public, ticket_type_id, type, until_due_date, update_type, updated_at, user.custom_fields., via_id, within_schedule. See [Conditions Reference](https://developer.zendesk.com/documentation/ticketing/reference-guides/conditions-reference)

Optional:

- `custom_field_id` (Number) Required when field is set to 'custom_field' or 'ticket_field' for sla policys, ID of custom field to be modified by view condition.
- `operator` (String) A comparison operator
- `value` (String) The single value of the field
- `values` (List of String) A list of values for the field


<a id="nestedatt--conditions--any"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.any`

Required:

- `field` (String) Condition field to modify. Acceptable values: CLOSED, HOLD, NEW, OPEN, PENDING, SOLVED, agent_stations, assigned_at, assignee_id, assignee_updated_at, attachment, brand_id, cc, comment_includes_word, comment_is_public, current_tags, current_via_id, custom_fields_, custom_status_id, description_includes_word, due_date, exact_created_at, group_id, group_stations, in_business_hours, is_business_hours, locale_id, organization.custom_fields., organization_id, priority, recipient, reopens, replies, requester.custom_fields., requester_id, requester_role, requester_twitter_followers_count, requester_twitter_statuses_count, requester_twitter_verified, requester_updated_at, role, satisfaction_score, schedule_id, sla_next_breach_at, status, subject_includes_word, ticket_fields_, ticket_form_id, ticket_is_public, ticket_type_id, type, until_due_date, update_type, updated_at, user.custom_fields., via_id, within_schedule. See [Conditions Reference](https://developer.zendesk.com/documentation/ticketing/reference-guides/conditions-reference)

Optional:

- `custom_field_id` (Number) Required when field is set to 'custom_field' or 'ticket_field' for sla policys, ID of custom field to be modified by view condition.
- `operator` (String) A comparison operator
- `value` (String) The single value of the field
- `values` (List of String) A list of values for the field



<a id="nestedatt--output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output`

Required:

- `columns` (List of String) Columns to use in the view
- `group_by` (String)
- `group_order` (String)
- `sort_by` (String)
- `sort_order` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--restriction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restriction`

Required:

- `ids` (Set of Number) The numeric IDs of the groups or users.
- `type` (String) Required. Allowed values are 'Group' or 'User'.
