---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zendesk_webhook Resource - zendesk"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zendesk_webhook (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "zendesk_webhook" "test" {
  name           = var.name
  endpoint       = "https://example.com/status/200"
  http_method    = "GET"
  request_format = "json"
  status         = "active"
  custom_headers = {
    header-one = "value_one"
    header-two = "value_two"
  }
  authentication = {
    add_position = "header"
    data = {
      username = "real_username"
      password = var.password
    }
    type = "basic_auth"
  }
}

variable "name" {
  type     = string
  nullable = false
}

variable "password" {
  type      = string
  sensitive = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `endpoint` (String) The destination URL that the webhook notifies.
- `http_method` (String) Allowed values are 'GET', 'POST', 'PUT', 'PATCH', or 'DELETE'. Determines what HTTP method to use in the webhook request.
- `name` (String)
- `request_format` (String) Allowed values are 'json', 'xml', or 'form_encoded'. Determines what request format to use in webhook request payload.

### Optional

- `authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication))
- `custom_headers` (Map of String)
- `description` (String) The description of the webhook.
- `status` (String) Allowed values are 'active' or 'inactive'. Determines if the webhook is displayed or not.
- `subscriptions` (List of String) List of events that the webhook is subscribed to. 'conditional_ticket_events' entry for Triggers.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time the webhook was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user ID the webhook was originally created by.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive)
- `updated_at` (String) The time of the last update of the webhook.
- `updated_by` (String) The user ID the webhook was last updated by.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication`

Required:

- `type` (String) Allowed values are 'api_key', 'basic_auth', or 'bearer_token'. Determines what authentication type is used.

Optional:

- `add_position` (String) Allowed value is 'header'. Determines where the authentication is added in the request.
- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--credentials))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.credentials`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the header that api authentication should use. Must use with 'value' attribute.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for authentication that should be used. Must use with 'username' attribute.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The token for bearer authentication that should be use.
- `username` (String) The username for basic authentication that should be used. Must use with 'password' attribute.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) The value of the header that api authentication should use. Must use with 'name' attribute.
